Our native nature is known as the Everness Buddha Samantabhdra. Why is Samantabhdra?
Samantabhdra is a Sanskrit word. If you translate it, the words turn good. All good. All good.
Everness is all turn good. Nothing is need to add, nothing need to subtract. Nothing needs
to add. It's complete perfect. There's nothing need to add. New things don't happen. Also,
there's nothing errors. Mostly, it's something that we have to subtract. Therefore, it's
all turn good. And for those reasons, in the Buddha's teaching and as well as many great
master's teaching mentioned when they instructing us how to meditate, there's nothing to add,
nothing to remove, relaxing on the natural state as it is. We heard those many times.
That means, we should connect to our own Samanta bhadra. Samanta bhadra, it is right here. There's
nothing to add that we don't need to add. There's nothing to need to subtract. There's some
mistakes,
the errors. Yes, b. B, yes, it is. Discover that treasure. So, so now Japji discovered. Japji is in
that state. It's called Heruka. Therefore, it's Heruka. Heruka is named the rattles, that one was
subdued and one was transcendent all the neurotic states. When whoever transcendent and smite the
neurotic state of the mind, that is known as the absolute Heruka. That is true Heruka. That is true
rata. So, what is the name of that? Sena chodious. Sena chodious. Please come or please arrive.
Make me like you. Help me like you. I follow in your footsteps, exactly footsteps. Breakfast,
medication, determination, courage, commitment, joyful effort to dharma and what you did. I follow
that footsteps or to the benefit of all living beings or to discover my energy. Call it like you.
For that reason, help me bless me. Bless my body. Bless my speech. Bless my mind. Bless me all the
time and make me, bless me that we don't have any separations. Make me stay my nature, exactly as
is
not let fall down by the duality, consumption, hindrance. Make me meaningful, meaningful and so
please look as here. Please think of us, this place. We are the practitioners. We are dedicated
practitioners, dispel all the obstacles, temporary convictions, those duality,
consumption, temporary. To compare them with our ordinary raka state, all this is
temporary. It's not going to last forever. It's also came. It's not something connected to the
nature. It came newly common, then obscured. For therefore, we can remove. Ever is completely
connected to the raka, we cannot remove. It is temporary. That's why we heard so many times in
the teaching. Teaching is like clothing in the sky. Clothes are not connected to the sky,
space. It's newly arrived due to the different conditions and circumstances. All right.
It came, it will go. And conditions come perfect for that. It will really go away.
Therefore, here I say, dispel the obstacles, temporary conclusions. Show me and empower me
beyond the meeting and the partings. Help me. So beyond the party and the meeting of the
realization,
exactly as you. Give me the perfect meaning of the absolute chief of status, your status,
give me that. So they'll not have to be separated by the duality, temporary conditions. And be in
that status. And then, let's say that, as well as pray to the woman. And then,